What are the list of illnesses and the exclusions from a critical illness cover?
What are the 34 illnesses covered under the plan?
Do you cover angioplasty and other heart related disease?
Is cancer treatment covered in the plan?
What all surgeries are covered in the plan
What surgeries are covered under this product?
Please list illnesses covered under this product?
What are the list of exclusions from the illnesses covered?
What is not covered in the list of illenesses
What are the exclusions in the plan?
What are product exclusions?
What is excluded from the cover?
What do you mean by exclusion?
Can my premium reduce over time and how?
Is there any no claims benefit under this product?
Do I get no claims benefit?
Am I eligible for no claim benefit?
Do I get 80D tax benefits on premiums paid for Critical Illness cover?
Do I get tax benefit for this cover?
What kind of tax benefit do it get for CI cover?
Will I be eligible for tax benefit if I take this cover?
Does Critical illness cover comes with tax benefits?
What kind of tax benefits will I get if I buy critical illness cover?
What are the tax benefit limits under CI cover?
What is the maximum eligibility for tax benefit under critical illness cover?
How much critical illness cover should I take?
What is good amount of cover under this plan?
How much cover should I take if I already have a mediclaim policy?
How much cover is good enough?
What is a good cover for my age?
I have a term life cover of 1 Crore and an Accidental Death Cover of Rs. 50 lakhs. How much money will my family get after my death?
What will my family get if I die due to accident?
Please explain how accidental death benefit cover works?
 Are premiums paid towards ADBR tax deductible u/s 80C? 
Do I get tax benefit under accidental death benefit cover
 Are premiums paid towards Accidental death benefit rider tax deductible u/s 80C?
Is this cover eligible for tax deductions?
What is an ideal cover for my life?
How much cover should I take?
What is the suggested sum assured for people of my age?
How much cover is good for me?
How much cover is good for people my age?
What is the amount of cover that I should take?
What Sum assured amount good for me?
How much sum assured should I take under this product?
What is the right amount of cover for me?
How much policy term should I take?
What is the maximum age under this cover?
Until what age will I be covered under iProtect Smart?
How does buying the policy under the MWP Act help protect my family?
What is MWP Act?
How does this work?
How will MWP act help me and my wife?
Why should I buy poly under MWP act?
Will I have to undergo a medical test?
Will I have to do medicals?
Can you waive off medicals?
Is medical test mandatory?
Do I have to do medical test?
Will you send me my medical reports?
Will I get my medical reports?
Can you email me my medical reports?
I want my medical reports
Does this plan have waiver of premium?
What is waiver of premium?
How do I pay my premium incase of  permanent disability due to an accident?
Will company waive my premium incase of an accident?
"In case of my death, how can my family report a claim to ICICI Pru Life?"
How can my family claim?
How can I claim?
How do I register a claim?
What are the options available for registering a claim?
How can a claim be registered?
What are the options available for my family to register a claim?
How much time does it take to settle a claim?
How long will it take to settle a claim?
What is the TAT for claim settlement?
How much time do you take to settle a claim?
How much time will it take to settle my claim?
How can my family track the status of the claim?
How do I get to know the status of my claim?
How do I track my claim?
How can I enquire about my claim status?
How can my family enquire about the claim?
Where can I get my claim status
How will my family know about the claim status?
What is your claim ratio?
What is your claim settlement reation?
Can you share your claim settlement ratio?
Do you have good claim settlement ratio?
Is your claim settlement ratio better than HDFC?
Is your claim settlement ratio better than SBI?
Will I get my money back if I survive the policy term?
Do I get my money back if I survive?
Do I get my money back incase I survive full term?
Will I get my money back if I survive full time?
Will you give my money back if I survive the entire term?
Will I get my money back after policy matures
Will you give back my money on maturity
Is there any maturity benefit under this product?
Are all forms of death covered
Will I be covered incase of natural calamities?
Will I be covered in case of terrorists attack?
Do you cover all kind of deaths?
Will I be covered incase of any form of death?
Does this plan provide tax benefits?
What are the tax benefits?
Do I get tax benefit under this plan?
What tax benefits do I get?
I am eligibel for tax benefits if I buy this product?
What all tax benefits are provied under this plan?
Can I buy this plan online?
Is this plan available online?
Any benefits of buying online?
Can I purchase this product online?
Is this plan available online?
Can I buy  this plan on my mobile phone?
Is MWPA applicable to this product?
Is death due to suicide included in this plan?
Is suicide covered under this product?
Will I be covered for suicide?
Does this plan cover suicide?
Do I get covered for suicide if I buy this plan?
Do you cover suicide?
At what age can I start this plan?
What is the minimum age for this plan?
What is age at entry for this product?
What is the maximum age under this product??
How soon can this plan start?
How much premium do I have to pay?
What is the premium amount that I will have to pay?
What is the minimum premium for this product?
How much do I have to pay?
How much Critical Illness Benefit can I choose?
What is  the maximum cover amount for critical illness?
What is the minimum cover amount for critical illness?
How much critical illenss cover can I take?
When do I receive Critical illness pay-out?
When can I claim critical illness benefit?
When can I get critical illness pay-out?